Implementation of msgcat and msgmerge utilities from GNU gettext (#1161)
python-babel/babel: docs/cmdline.rst

If neither the ``output_file`` nor the ``locale`` option is set, this command
looks for all catalog files in the base directory that match the given domain,
and updates each of them.

concat
======

> The `concat` command merges multiple PO files into a single one. If a message has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `concat` command merges multiple PO files into one. If a message has
```

different translations in different PO files, the conflicting translations are
marked with a conflict comment::
    #-#-#-#-#  <file> (PROJECT VERSION)  #-#-#-#-#

> and the message itself is marked with a `fuzzy` flag::

Reviewer: Is the `::` on purpose here?

      -o OUTPUT_FILE, --output-file=OUTPUT_FILE
                            write output to specified file
      --less-than=NUMBER    print messages with less than this many
                            definitions, defaults to infinite if not set
      --more-than=NUMBER    print messages with more than this many
                            definitions, defaults to 0 if not set
      -u, unique            shorthand for --less-than=2, requests
                            that only unique messages be printed
      --use-first           use first available translation for each
                            message, don't merge several translations
      --no-location         do not write '#: filename:line' lines
      -w WIDTH, --width=WIDTH
                            set output page width
      --no-wrap             do not break long message lines, longer than
                            the output page width, into several lines
      -s, --sort-output     generate sorted output
      -F, --sort-by-file    sort output by file location

merge
======

The `merge` command allows updating files using a compendium as a translation memory::

>     $ pybabel concat --help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ pybabel merge --help
```

                            write output to specified file, the results are written
                            to standard output if no output file is specified
      --backup              make a backup of def.po
      --suffix=SUFFIX       override the usual backup suffix (default '~')
      -N, --no-fuzzy-matching
                            do not use fuzzy matching
      --no-location         suppress '#: filename:line' lines'
      -w WIDTH, --width=WIDTH
                            set output page width
      --no-wrap             do not break long message lines, longer
                            than the output page width, into several lines
      -s, --sort-output     generate sorted output
      -F --sort-by-file     sort output by file location

The compendium can be used in two modes:
- Default mode: the translations from the compendium are used
  only if they are missing in the output file.

- Compendium overwrite mode: when using the ``compendium-overwrite`` option, translations
  from the compendium take priority and replace those in the output file. If a translation
  is used from the compendium, a comment noting the source is added

> The ``input-files`` option includes def.po, a file with obsolete translations, and ref.pot,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``input-files`` option accepts exactly two arguments: a file with obsolete translations, and
```

the current template file for updating translations.

The ``compendium`` option can be specified multiple times to use several compendiums.

> The ``backup`` option is used to create a backup copy of the def.po file, which contains
> obsolete translations
> 
> The ``suffix`` option allows you to specify a custom suffix for the backup file
> By default, a standard suffix ``~`` is appended to the backup file's name,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``backup`` option is used to create a backup copy of the def.po file, which contains
obsolete translations. The ``suffix`` option allows you to specify a custom suffix for the backup file (defaulting to ``~``).
```
